Copyright (c) 2017 Graziano Fiorillo. All rights reserved.

This software program and documentation are copyrighted by Graziano 
Fiorillo. The copyright holder does not warrant that the operation of 
the program will be uninterrupted or error-free. The end-user 
understands that the program was developed for research purposes and
is advised not to rely exclusively on the program for any reason.

The copyright holder grants permission, without fee for (a) use, 
reproduction, modification, and distribution of this software and 
its documentation by educational, research, and non-profit entities 
for noncommercial purposes only; and (b) use, reproduction and 
modification of this software by other entities for internal 
purposes only. The above copyright notice, this paragraph and the 
following two paragraphs must appear in all copies and modifications 
of the software and/or documentation.

The copyright holder provides no reassurances that the source code
provided does not infringe any patent, copyright, or any other
intellectual property rights of third parties.  The copyright holders
disclaim any liability to any recipient for claims brought against
recipient by any third party for infringement of that parties
intellectual property rights.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.